Major Documentation Rehaul (#1562)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/getting-started/installation.md

---
description: Installing ZenML and getting started.
---

# 🧙 Installation

**ZenML** is a Python package that can be installed directly via `pip`:

```shell
pip install zenml
```

{% hint style="warning" %}

> Please note that ZenML currently only supports **Python 3.7, 3.8, 3.9, and 3.10**. Please make sure that you are using a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that ZenML currently supports **Python 3.7, 3.8, 3.9, and 3.10**. Please make sure that you are using a
```

supported Python version.
{% endhint %}

## Install with the dashboard

> ZenML comes bundled with a React-based dashboard that lives inside

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ZenML comes bundled with a web dashboard that lives inside
```
